[Durable Objects] Consolidate DO counter examples (#11218)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/durable-objects/examples/build-a-counter.md

layout: example
---

> This example shows how to build a counter using Durable Objects and Workers that can print, increment, and decrement a `name` provided by the URL query string parameter, e.g. `?name=A`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to build a counter using Durable Objects and Workers that can print, increment, and decrement a `name` provided by the URL query string parameter, for example,`?name=A`.
```

{{<tabs labels="js | ts">}}
{{<tab label="js" default="true">}}

```js
---
filename: index.js
---
// Worker

export default {
  async fetch(request, env) {
    let url = new URL(request.url);
    let name = url.searchParams.get("name");
    if (!name) {
      return new Response(
        "Select a Durable Object to contact by using" +

>           " the `name` URL query string parameter. e.g. ?name=A"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          " the `name` URL query string parameter. For example, ?name=A"
```

  }
}
```

{{</tab>}}
{{<tab label="ts">}}

```ts
---
filename: index.ts
---
export interface Env {
  COUNTER: DurableObjectNamespace;
}

// Worker

export default {
  async fetch(request: Request, env: Env) {
    let url = new URL(request.url);
    let name = url.searchParams.get("name");
    if (!name) {
      return new Response(
        "Select a Durable Object to contact by using" +

>           " the `name` URL query string parameter. e.g. ?name=A"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          " the `name` URL query string parameter. For example, ?name=A"
```
